feat(cloudflare): support cloudflare region (#4646)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: docs/tutorials/cloudflare.md

## Setting cloudflare-proxied on a per-ingress basis

Using the `external-dns.alpha.kubernetes.io/cloudflare-proxied: "true"` annotation on your ingress, you can specify if the proxy feature of Cloudflare should be enabled for that record. This setting will override the global `--cloudflare-proxied` setting.

## Setting cloudflare-region-key to configure regional services

> Using the `external-dns.alpha.kubernetes.io/cloudflare-region-key` annotation on your ingress, you can restrict which data centers can decrypt and service HTTPS traffic. A list of aviable options can be see [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/data-localization/regional-services/get-started/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `external-dns.alpha.kubernetes.io/cloudflare-region-key` annotation on your ingress, you can restrict which data centers can decrypt and service HTTPS traffic. A list of available options can be seen [here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/data-localization/regional-services/get-started/).
```

Author: Wow, those are some embarrassing typos 😅
